[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>I want to talk now about
the Holy Grail in Nashville.
Our link to the Holy
Grail in Nashville
is FDR, shown here on the right
with his two-term secretary
of agriculture culture and
third-term VP Henry A. Wallace.
Most Americans don't know that
in 1934 FDR and Henry Wallace
engaged in a Holy Grail quest.
The third person in this
trio of archetypal wise men
was Nicholas Roerich, a
world-famous Russian mystic
and guru who had spent
the 1920s following
Jesus' alleged
trail from Palestine
through Iran-Iraq all the way
through Afghanistan, Pakistan,
India.
Wait, that sounds like the
evening news or something--
Iran, Iraq, Pakistan.
Yeah, all these places-- very
interesting and very loaded
with ancient mysteries that
are still yet to be solved.
But Roerich had spent the '20s--
he said, hey, where did Jesus
spend those missing 18 years?
Hit the books and found
out, oh, he went to India.
Oh, he went to Tibet.
Oh, he went to Mongolia.
And so he followed
this trail and claimed
that he trained in the same
monasteries where he heard all
the stories about Issa, as Jesus
was called in Central Asia--
Saint Issa-- read the books,
even brought some evidence
home, claimed he entered
Shambhala, the immortal realm
of the gods.
And then he came back to
America in the late 1920s
and convinced FDR
and Henry Wallace
that if they sent
him back to Mongolia
that he would return with
the secrets of the Holy Grail
and maybe even evidence
of the reincarnated Jesus.
This is a painting
by Roerich's son
showing him holding
this casket, which
comes up in a very important
way for us here in moment.
And the casket holds
the stone, which
is another term for
the Holy Grail itself.
The grail is considered to be
a cup, a bloodline, a stone,
and also, in my view, a tone.
This is one of
Roerich's paintings
here of Saint Issa before
the dead head of God.
We know what he is
actually standing
in front of is not a
decapitated cranium of a person.
The dead head is the
symbol for the cosmic axis,
for the ladder or
stairway to heaven.
And when I see
paintings like this
and put it together the
other pieces of the puzzles
that Roerich provided,
it suggests to me
that what Issa was looking
for in Central Asia
were these secrets of the ladder
to heaven, of the stairway
to heaven, or even you
might even think of it
as the stargate of the gods.
We know that after the
cataclysm, or perhaps even
before the cataclysm
of Atlantis,
there were repositories
of ancient knowledge.
Egypt is often cited-- Tibet,
the Himalayas, Mongolia, Peru
are often cited as places
where the Atlantean priests had
taken and stored knowledge of
the Atlantean civilization.
And it suggests to many that
what Issa was looking for,
what Jesus was looking
for in this trek,
was ancient, ancient knowledge.
Roerich symbolized
the stone, the object
of his quest in this grail
quest, by three circles
together.
Story is told that only an
immortal being can enter
Shambhala and come back out.
So what did Roerich do?
He sent his pony in. [LAUGHING]
And the pony came back out.
And so Roerich painted the
pony with the three circles
that represent the
ultimate grail secrets
in a flame on his pony's back.
So the three circles,
that's a trinity symbol.
The flames, that's
frequency and vibration.
What was it that
Roerich actually
retrieved from Shambhala?
Well, he painted the
Magdalene holding
this same symbol on a silk
or a linen type of banner.
He called this symbol, the
three circles within a larger
circle, the banner of peace.
And he had hoped that
this banner of peace
would fly over all cultural
centers during World War I
and also during World War
II-- the Roerich Peace Pact,
as it came to be known.
We should also note that
these three orbs in a circle
are the three golden apples that
rested at the top of the tree,
a metaphor for the spine
and the cosmic axis
in the Greek myth of the
Garden of the Hesperides.
It was guarded by a dragon, and
the tree and the three apples
were known as Ladon.
After slaying Ladon, Hercules
took the three apples,
and like Prometheus, he
stole the fire from heaven.
And it was Prometheus who told
him how to find the apples.
So when we're looking
at three circles here,
these are the same as the
Golden Apples of the Hesperides,
the symbol of fire stolen from
heaven, of tremendous power,
in fact, god-like power.
It looks like Mr. Bill--
[LAUGHTER]
--but actually what that is
also called to the alchemists
is the dead head.
This is the dead head
symbol to the alchemists,
the symbol of their
craft, the symbol
of the ultimate
power of the gods,
maybe even going back to
Enki and Ptah in Egypt.
And so we see the dead
head and the three circles
within a circle are
interchangeable symbols.
And this is the Apples
of the Hesperides,
the fruit of the gods,
that we're looking at here.
It's interesting that the
Druids use three feathers,
or three rods or rays of light,
signifying the eyes of light,
or the radiating
light of intelligence.
And so I believe
that when we see
that, when we see
the three circles,
that these could actually
be the tips of rays.
You follow what I'm saying?
So if a ray is coming
down, three of them
together, this would be what
they looked like from the tips.
But this is what they would
look like from a side view, OK?
And so it appears that the
Druids picked up this symbolism
and used it as three
rods or rays of light.
This is important because
at Chartres Cathedral,
Mary with Jesus on her
lap sitting on the throne
is portrayed with these
three rods or rays
or what are called chords.
Now, I have no idea what these
three blue rays or chords are,
but here in Nashville, if you've
got three chords and the truth,
you've got what's
called a hit song.
[LAUGHTER]
So maybe there's some kind
of frequency, musical,
or vibratory component
to these three rays.
Here we see Mary's
head is encircled
by a blue halo bordered
with blue pearls,
as they're described, and
topped by a rich crown
with the blue stone
in the center.
I believe those blue pearls
are also blue apples, which
are other-dimensional apples.
They don't exist in the,
quote unquote, "real world."
They exist in the
other-dimensional world.
Above her we see
the three blue rays
pour from the beak of a
dove of the Holy Spirit
and end at Mary's halo.
The reason I'm
going into this is
because these three rays or
three rods or three chords
then show up in this painting,
"The Madonna of the Book"
by Botticelli, where again
we see Mary and Jesus.
But as we look closely, we
see that Jesus has in his hand
a golden ring and three
small golden spears.
According to Margaret Starbird,
these three small golden spears
may be thought to
represent the nails he
was to suffer on the
cross, but more probably,
she says, they are
the esoteric symbol
for the triple shafts
of enlightenment,
a popular motif of medieval
alchemists and Rosicrucians.
And that's what
I think they are,
the triple shafts of
enlightenment-- the three rods,
the three rays,
the three circles
that go inside the golden ring.
These are the three rods and
the ring together once again.
This is a photograph taken
of the Roerich expedition
when he was sent to Mongolia in
1934 by FDR and Henry Wallace.
He was given a letter
of introduction by FDR.
He flew the American
flag everywhere
he set up his camp,
because he believed
he was an agent of the
United States government.
I'm convinced he
found something.
We don't know for
sure what it was.
National security, all
that business comes in.
But I'm convinced
he found something.
And one of the pieces of
circumstantial evidence
that I cite is this
symbol here on the right.
Have you ever seen that before?
The all-seeing eye-- it's on
the back of the dollar bill.
This symbol was designed in
1776 under the watchful eye
of Benjamin Franklin, Thomas
Jefferson, and John Adams.
It's the logo for the
American enterprise.
Like corporations
have a logo, this
is America's corporate
logo, in effect.
And while it was designed in
1776, it was never really used.
You ask a Mason what
that symbol represents,
though, they'll tell you that's
the all-seeing eye of Christ
returning to the pyramid
of human civilization.
Christ is referred to as
the missing cornerstone,
or capstone, the
one that isn't there
but which will return
to human civilization.
And here it is on the
back of the dollar bill.
Beside it is the simple logo for
Meru, the center of Shambhala,
where Roerich went looking for
the secrets of the Holy Grail.
They are symbolically
identical symbols.
How did that symbol get placed
on the back of the dollar bill?
Well, it happened
in March of 1935,
when at the request of Nicholas
Roerich and Henry A. Wallace,
FDR ordered that simple stamped
on the back of the dollar bill.
And what that suggests to me
is that Roerich found something
in Mongolia.
And when they put that symbol
on the back of the dollar bill,
it symbolized the
return of Christ
to this realm, not as a person
but as a body of knowledge,
perhaps, or as an energy
or a vibration or something
capable of bringing that
vibration into this realm.
To me, putting that symbol on
the back of the dollar bill
is very important,
because when we
carry around a $1
bill in our pocket,
it connects us with
these mysteries.
This is not just
a piece of paper.
This is called a magical sigil.
And if you've got one
of these in your pocket,
you are part of this enterprise,
whether you realize it or not.
Our subconscious mind
absorbs these symbols,
and at some level, it may or
may not understand what it is,
but this connects us
energetically to this project.
This is why the Information
Awareness Office also
uses the all-seeing
eye logo now, too.
It's kind of a dark
use of this logo.
So what we've got here is
something very profound.
It's the possibility
that this symbol
on the back of the dollar
bill to unify America
but also to sort of run a
flag up a pole to those in the
know that America
is open for business
as far as the fulfillment of the
return of the Christ or Messiah
is concerned.
So they found
something in Mongolia.
We're not positive
about what it is.
We don't have direct evidence.
But what we do have
is a stack of letters
written by Henry Wallace
to Nicholas Roerich
during the course
of this expedition.
And these letters indicate to
me that Nashville, Tennessee,
is one of the places where
they're going to return
the secrets of the Grail.
This is one of those letters.
Its date is March 12, 1933.
The opening salutation
says, Dear Guru.
This is because
Wallace and Roerich had
a guru-disciple relationship.
Wallace was the student.
Roerich was the
master, of the teacher.
Wallace signs the letter,
"May peace, joy, and fire
attend you always.
G."
G is short for
Galahad, the nickname
that Nicholas Roerich's wife
Helena had given to Roerich.
Galahad is the last night of
the roundtable to find the Grail
and to see Christ.
So right off the bat, we have
two key pieces of information.
One, Roerich and Wallace have
a guru-disciple relationship,
and Wallace, the Secretary of
the Department of Agriculture
and third-term VP,
thinks he's Sir Galahad.
He thinks he's on a Grail
quest, because he is.
And he is playing
the role of Galahad
and Wallace is FDR's
hand-picked successor.
In the first paragraph
in the letter,
he says, I have been thinking of
you holding the casket-- well,
we saw a painting of Roerich
holding a casket a moment ago--
the sacred, most
precious casket,
and I have thought of the
new country going forth
to meet the seven stars under
the sign of three stars,
and I have thought of the
admonition, await the stone.
Now, historians
read this letter,
and it just goes,
whoosh-- all of us.
They have no idea as
we look down here who
the successor of Buddha is
and the lightning flashes
and the breaking of the new day.
What the hell are
you talking about?
Well, this is because
traditional historians
like Pulitzer Prize
winners Arthur Schlesinger,
who have analyzed
these letters, don't
have any occult background.
They have no esoteric
understanding.
They don't know that the new
day is called aurora consurgens
by the alchemists.
It's the mystical dawning
of a new, enlightened age.
Nor do they recognize
that the new country
is America, which
prophetically is called the New
Atlantis based on the novel "The
New Atlantis" by Sir Francis
Bacon, which became the
guiding light, the inspiration
of the founding fathers.
And so it's America
that is going forth
to meet the seven stars under
the sign of the three stars.
And he says, "I have thought
of the admonition await
the stone."
That's so easy for us.
We know that the
stone is another name
for the Grail, the Grail stone
with the alchemical secrets
written upon it, just like the
emerald tablet of Hermes that
had the secrets of
transmutation written upon it.
So Wallace is clearly
saying to Roerich, hey,
we're waiting the Grail
in the new country.
And he says this
specific place, at least
I interpret it as a
place, where the seven
stars are found under the
sign of the three stars.
Where is that?
Where in America do
you find seven stars
under the sign of three stars?
Well, what I did is I started
with my almanac of state flags.
And when you look into the
almanac of state flags,
you find that there's only
one flag in the union that
has three stars on it.
Most state flags
don't even have stars.
They have animals or symbols.
The only state flag in the
union that has only three stars
is the flag of the state
of Tennessee, which is
three stars inside of a circle.
So I began to wonder,
is it possible
that Wallace is
talking about Tennessee
as the location where
they're going to return
the secrets of the Grail?
The flag of the
state of Tennessee
is a perfect match for the
three orbs inside of a circle,
symbolically interchangeable.
I wonder if that's
why he chose that.
In early Christian
symbolism, we find
three stars in a circle
with three fish added-- hm.
This says "Christ"
right up here.
So what we're learning here
from early Christian symbolism
is that three stars inside
of a circle with three fish
is the symbol for Christ.
Well, that's intriguing, because
we find the exact same symbol
in ancient Egypt with the eye of
light, or the circle of light,
the symbol of enlightenment,
in the center, three
fish inside a circle.
Actually, three
stars in a circle
is only one level
of interpretation
of the flag of the
state of Tennessee.
It's what your
conscious mind sees.
What your subconscious mind does
is it looks into the background
here, and it sees this
symbol, which today
is the logo for Mitsubishi.
This is three fish swimming
away from one another,
is what symbolists tell us.
Can you all, by the
way, pull this symbol
out of the blue area
here in the flag
and the state of Tennessee?
Relax your gaze,
and you're going
to see that in the
center of the three stars
is a second logo, which
is this symbol right here.
What this symbol is right
here is a Nordic symbol,
read Aryan equals Atlantean
symbol for divine power
and protection.
So actually, the flag of
the state of Tennessee
is a symbol of divine
power and protection.
All three of these symbols
are interchangeable.
They tell the same story, that
this place, or this symbol,
identifies a location of
divine power and protection.
This takes us back to the
rod and ring of Jesus,
which has the rod topped by
the three orbs with the ring
beside it.
So I'm operating on the
premise that the three stars
that Wallace references
in his letter
is the state of Tennessee.
And so then the question
becomes, where in Tennessee
do you find seven stars
under the sign of the three
stars, the flag of the state?
Well, now I'm looking at
star legends and star lore.
And you find out that there's
two groups of seven stars that
appear over and over again
in myth and scripture.
And both of them have
significant Tennessee
connections.
The first group of seven
stars is the Pleiades.
And when you go over
to East Tennessee,
you're introduced to Cherokee
Indian creation mythology,
documented or released
for the first time
by Dhyani Ywahoo in her book,
"Voices of our Ancestors."
After we landed a man
on the moon in 1969,
she was given permission
to publish Cherokee
Indian creation mythology.
And what that mythology says
is that the Cherokee believe
that they were created
by beings of light who
came from the Pleiades who rode
a sound wave through a hole
in space over East Tennessee
and created the Cherokee,
as one of 12 tribes
whose assignment was
to guard or protect one
of the 12 vortexes spread
around this planet.
That's Cherokee Indian
creation mythology.
So I'm thinking,
well, is Wallace
referencing East Tennessee?
If so, that would
be very interesting,
because after General
Leslie Groves built
the Pentagon, the world's
largest building, for FDR,
he came to East
Tennessee to Oak Ridge
and built a mysterious,
or mystery village,
of 75,000 people, where they
did important, secret work
for the Manhattan Project,
building the A-bomb.
Why did General Leslie
Groves pick East Tennessee?
Well, he said he liked something
about the geology of the area.
Like what?
So that's a possibility, that
the seven stars under the three
stars is the seven stars of the
Pleiades under East Tennessee
in the state of Tennessee.
The other group of seven stars
is Ursa Major-- Ursa Major.
We call it the Big Dipper.
But that's not what
it's always been called.
In the ancient past, it's
been called the Chariot
of Arthur, the wagon of Arthur.
It's been called the
casket of Osiris.
Oh, wait a minute.
Wallace talked about a casket,
a sacred casket, in his letter
to Roerich.
Is he talking about the casket
of Osiris, Ursa Major, the Big
Dipper?
Ursa Major is also called Meru.
Oh, wait a minute.
There's that Meru or Mer
vibration all over again,
Meru being the name of
the Capitol of Atlantis.
But when you dig
down to the deepest
level of star legends
and star lore,
you find out that the Arabs
who named the constellations
called Ursa Major "Nash."
And what Nash meant was the
Great Casket, the Sacred
Coffin.
Well, it's at that
time that I learned
that Nashville, Tennessee,
was a giant Indian burial
ground, where vast numbers
of bodies had been interred.
So I began to wonder,
is it possible
that Nashville, Tennessee,
is the place of the seven
stars under the
sign of three stars
that Wallace is talking about?
And I start
investigating Nashville.
I find that the seal
of Nashville Davidson,
which is the full
name of this city,
shows an Indian holding
a decapitated cranium
in his hand.
But nobody knows why this
Indian is holding a dead head
in his hand-- nobody.
In fact, in the 1930s, the
local paper, "The Tennessean,"
ran a contest for
the best explanation
for the seal of
Nashville-- no kidding.
And they agreed that what
this is a Cherokee Indian
chief holding this
skull, Hamlet-style.
OK.
You believe what
you want to believe,
but what I believe
is that when you
see that dead head at
a place, it's saying,
this is where these
secrets are stored.
That dead head is the
symbol that is head held
by Isis, by Mary Magdalene.
Roerich painted Issa in
front of the dead head.
And here it appears
yet again in Nashville.
By the way, Nashville Davidson--
who is David's son again?
Oh, that's right.
It's Solomon.
That's right.
So I'm thinking the Indian here
in Solomon's city, Nashville
Davidson, is actually
holding the dead head
of the alchemists.
And it's indicating
that this place
is a repository for these
secrets of the dead heads,
of the alchemists.
You know, "nash" is one
of those funny words,
because the Hebrew word
"nachash" means serpent,
and the Hebrew word
"neshama" means soul.
So Nashville,
"Nachashville," could
be Serpent City or Soul Town.
There's lots of
different ways you
can play with that word "nash."
But it all goes
around this whole idea
of this as a potential
place of secrets,
and the symbolism used in
this place marks it as such.
So I'm tooling around
Nashville saying, OK,
where's the Holy Grail?
And I'm driving along
Jefferson Street,
and I see this giant,
red granite monolith.
And I see this
pattern etched on it.
And I look at that.
I say, wait a minute.
I've seen that before.
And I go home, and
I get out my book
on sacred mountains of Asia,
and I pull out my diagram
from a second-century
Chinese manuscript of Meru,
the cosmic axis, the ladder to
heaven, the stairway to heaven.
And I compare it
with a line drawing
of the Tennessee Bicentennial
Capitol Mall laid out
at the base of
our state capitol.
And I say, you know what?
Those places are
strikingly similar.
I'm not saying
they're identical,
but I'm saying that there's
a very interesting similarity
between the two.
Here is the Meru Axis,
which, by the way,
this is the center of Shambhala,
the realm of the immortals.
A Meru axis was once at the
center of Atlantis as well.
Mongolian myth says
that the immortals
dwelled at Meru because of the
energy emitted from this thing.
It looks like an
antenna because that's
what it was, a bond
between Heaven and Earth.
And as we look at it here, it's
got these sheets that represent
heavenly realms, it turns out.
Each of these
vertebrae-looking things
are actually dimensions
that one travels through
as they ascend the cosmic axis.
At the top of it, it has
this triangular apex.
That symbolizes Shambhala,
the realm of the immortals.
And so the Meru axis
is the ladder to heaven
that takes you to the
realm of the immortals.
And so here's a bird's eye view
of the Tennessee Bicentennial
Capitol Mall, a 2,200-foot-long
magician's rod laid out on 19
acres at the base of
our state capitol.
Here it is in fall.
And we see the Ring of the
Chord of Three Stars at the top.
This is a rod.
That's a ring.
And so what we're looking
at is the primordial symbol
of the rod and ring.
And here's a comparison between
the two diagrams, which again,
I'm not saying they're
identical, but here are
the points of similarity.
They both have a
circular platform
upon which a
vertical pillar sits.
The Meru diagram is
topped by a triangular
apex that symbolizes Shambhala.
The Tennessee
Bicentennial Capitol Mall
is topped by three stars in
the pattern of a triangle.
What I'm suggesting
here is this.
Let's imagine we
take a 1905 Model
T. We go down to a garage,
and we hoist it up on a hoist,
and we look at it
from underneath.
What are we going to see?
We're going to see four tires,
a drive train, and an engine,
right?
Now, let's take a
2007 Lamborghini,
a yellow one with leather
seats, eight speakers.
Hoist it up in the garage
next to the 1905 Model T,
look at it from underneath.
What are we going to see?
Essentially the same thing.
The Lamborghini is going to
look a little bit more complex.
But an alien person
looking at it from outside
with no knowledge of
what these automobiles do
would recognize, hey,
there's some similarity here.
It looks like these two
are interchangeable.
And that's what I'm
suggesting is happening here.
These are both rods or antennas.
And I believe that what
we can assign to this,
we can also assign to the
Bicentennial Capitol Mall.
We can look at it
through that lens.
Now, as soon as I
made the connection
between these diagrams,
I faxed a copy
over to the architect
who designed
the bicentennial capitol mall.
And he called me
back right away.
And he said, oh, yeah, I can see
wide to the untrained eye you
might see a similarity
between those two diagrams,
but they're not alike at all.
And I'm like, oh, OK.
And he said, oh, by the way,
where did you get that drawing?
[LAUGHTER]
I said, oh, well,
tables just turned.
I got it out of a book of
sacred mountains of Asia.
Well, why don't you
send me that reference?
And I said, yeah, let me
finish scratching my forehead.
I'll send it right over.
[LAUGHTER]
I don't send it.
Guy kind of stepped
on me a little bit.
30 days go by.
I get a call from him again.
Hey, you said you were
going to send that diagram.
Where did you get that?
Oh, that's right.
Gosh, thanks for reminding me.
So I still don't send it.
Another 30 days, same thing.
Finally, it gets to be the
first of the year, January 2.
I get a letter in
the mail from him.
Hey, where did you
get that diagram?
I'm thinking, hm, OK, whatever.
And I still don't
send it to him.
Well, it's that spring that
I start conducting walks,
like we're going to do today,
taking a walk through the park.
And I've got 15,
20 people with me.
We're in this area.
And a guy enters the
Court of Three Stars,
and he's got a camera.
And he starts taking
pictures of us.
It's him.
It's the architect.
He says, oh, I like to come
down here on Sundays, see
how people are using the park.
Well, I've been there 70
Sundays since that day, never
seen him since.
Never seen him any other
time there, for that matter.
And so I kind of step back
and say, gang, here's the man.
Any questions?
Fire away.
First thing out of his mouth
is, there's nothing weird
going on down here.
Well, who say
anything about weird?
We're just out taking a walk.
And so the first question
is, what is up with all this?
And he says, well, first
of all, everything you
see here is purely decorative.
It serves no purpose other
than to commemorate Tennessee's
bicentennial and to provide an
unobstructed view of the state
capitol.
Oh, OK, so we spent $55 million
to build a place that nobody
knows about and nobody goes to.
This isn't adding up.
So I just kind of
continued on my merry way.
He appreciates my interest
in bringing people down
to the park, although
I'm misguided.
Well, whatever.
So my take is look at the
Meru axis, the cosmic axis.
Compare it to a human vertebrae.
Isn't there an interesting
correspondence between the two?
I mean, can't you
readily see that this
could be human vertebrae that
we're actually looking at here?
It's kind of a stretch, but
it's interesting to think
of it in those terms
to compare our body
with the cosmic access,
the ladder to heaven.
This looks nothing like
a spinal cord system.
But what I'm going
to show you is
that each of the seven
chakras are perfectly marked
with appropriate symbolism
here, all by chance.
And I say "by chance" because
the designer, the architect,
sees no similarity
in the diagrams
and certainly had no
intention to build
a temple of initiation, one
where each of the seven chakras
are perfectly marked with
appropriate symbolism
and that people could come
from all over the world
to get educated, maybe
even to get awakened.
In fact, what we're
looking at here
is a model of the perfect human.
It's even topped by a
triangle with the three orbs,
or three entwined--
the circuit at the top.
Is this a blueprint?
It's a possibility.
I was in Florida once giving
a lecture on this about FDR
and the Grail, and a scientist
came up to me afterward,
and he said, I was
basically asleep
through your presentation until
you put up that blueprint.
What blueprint?
And he went through
my slides until he
came to this diagram right here,
and he said, that blueprint.
He said, I design particle-beam
weapons for a living,
you know,
Star-Wars-like weapons.
He says, do you realize
that's the blueprint
for a particle-beam weapon?
He said, here's the
weapon right here.
It's designed to rotate
on this platform.
These pinscher-looking
things, they
modulate the
electromagnetic pulse that's
emanating from the weapon.
That's why it
looks like a sword.
Why were FDR and Adolf
Hitler so interested
in the secrets of
the Holy Grail?
Because they knew that
knowledge could be weaponized.
Why else?
It wasn't for any
spiritual purpose.
I believe that
this this diagram,
while it comes from a
second-century Chinese
manuscript, is probably
much, much older than that.
I would jump off a cliff and
say that's an Atlantean diagram.
Meru was the name
the pillar of light
at the center of Atlantis, and
I think that what it originally
was was a particle accelerator.
So I took the bait from the
scientist, and I came home,
and I googled
"particle accelerator."
Here what we have
is a comparison.
This is a diagram from
Ernest Lawrence's cyclotron,
a particle accelerator that was
used in this Manhattan Project
to split the atom.
And I see where that
scientist is coming from.
These two diagrams do bear a
very interesting similarity
to one another.
And the question
then emerges, well,
what is a diagram for a
cyclotron or a particle
accelerator doing in a
second-century Chinese
manuscript?
I think it's a carryover
from ancient, ancient times.
And by the way,
modern scientists,
theoretical physicists, say,
hey, space-based particle
accelerators will one day
be the tool that we use,
the instrument, the
device to open wormholes.
And here's what I think
the actual gate is.
This is what I think this is
actually trying to tell us.
On the left is a
diagram of Meru.
On the right is the female
reproductive system.
Any questions about what
we're talking about here?
The human body is that gateway.
I'm absolutely convinced of it.